h1. rah_sql_query

p. Tired of running little php line, or login to phpMyAdmin to run single, very simple query? Do you wish you could do it from Textpattern's user-interface? Rah_sql_query brings SQL queries directly to backstage of all Textpattern installs. Run queries directly from Textpattern's backend, nothing more or less. One field to type in, one button. One task.

h2. List of features

* Allows you to run SQL queries directly from Textpattern's user-interface.
* Very simple and clean admin panel.

h2. Requirements

p. Minimum requirements:

* Textpattern 4.4.1 or newer.

h2. Installation and usage

p. The general behavior stands:

# Navigate to your Textpattern install's Plugins pane.
# Paste the downloaded plugin code to the plugin installer field.
# Click the button and run the automated setup program.
# When all done, just activate the plugin from the list of plugins.
# Now the new rah_sql_query is accessible under Extensions.

h2. Changelog

h3. Version 0.5 - upcoming

* Added: CSRF protection.

h3. Version 0.4 - 2011/06/05

* Added: rah_ui classes to common elements for easier theming of the plugin interface.
* Changed: Make the navigation link and page title to use language strings.
* Changed: Use @set_pref()@ instead of @safe_insert()@.
* Changed: Return uninstaller query's status for TXP.
* Fix: Don't spit out JavaScript to the top of the admin-side page if JavaScript is disabled.

h3. Version 0.3 - 2011/03/14

* Added privileges for the options link.
* Changed privileges back to Publisher and Editor (1 and 2 levels) in favor of the plugins pane's options link.

h3. Version 0.2 - 2011/03/14

* Now the pane requires Publisher's privaleges.
* Added language string support.
* Added confirmation dialog for extra safety.
* Added option to hide the safety notice.
* Now keeps the last run query in the field.
* Removed inline styles.
* Uses Textpattern's message system to deliver the feedback messages.
* Now requires Textpattern version 4.2.0 or newer.

h3. Version 0.1 - 2008/07/27

* Initial release.